DOCSUP-9860: document refactored storage dictionary (#27063)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/engines/database-engines/atomic.md

```
### RENAME TABLE {#rename-table}

> [RENAME](../../sql-reference/statements/rename.md) queries are performed without changing UUID and moving table data. These queries do not wait for the completion of queries using the table and will be executed instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RENAME](../../sql-reference/statements/rename.md) queries are performed without changing UUID and moving table data. These queries do not wait for the completion of queries using the table and are executed instantly.
```

### DROP/DETACH TABLE {#drop-detach-table}

> On `DROP TABLE` no data is removed, database `Atomic` just marks table as dropped by moving metadata to `/clickhouse_path/metadata_dropped/` and notifies background thread. Delay before final table data deletion is specify by [database_atomic_delay_before_drop_table_sec](../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#database_atomic_delay_before_drop_table_sec) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On `DROP TABLE` no data is removed, database `Atomic` just marks table as dropped by moving metadata to `/clickhouse_path/metadata_dropped/` and notifies background thread. Delay before final table data deletion is specified by the [database_atomic_delay_before_drop_table_sec](../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#database_atomic_delay_before_drop_table_sec) setting.
```
